May I ask your opinion on this question?
“Is it possible to enjoy life forever?”
Would you say yes, no, or maybe?
I’d say no.
Thank you.
I can appreciate
why you may feel it’s unrealistic.
In fact, I felt the same way as you
when I was first asked that question.
But then someone showed me
this promise the Bible makes
at Psalm 37:29.
It’s quoted here, but my friend Lisa
can read it to you from the Bible.
Psalm 37:29 reads:
“The righteous will possess the earth,
and they will live forever on it.”
Thank you, Lisa.
So according to this Bible promise,
righteous people will enjoy life on earth
for how long?
It says “forever.”
That’s right.
The Bible promises
that people can live forever
in happy, peaceful conditions
such as the ones illustrated here.
Which scene appeals to you the most?
Hmm, I like this one.
It seems so peaceful.
Do you think that we can believe
the Bible’s promise?
I’d love for it to be true,
but I really doubt it.
I also used to wonder if the Bible’s promises
were just too good to be true.
But the more I learned about the Bible,
the more I trusted it.
This brochure is designed
to help people learn about the Bible
and build confidence in its promises.
In just three lessons,
it gives solid evidence
to believe what the Bible promises.
The first lesson is entitled
“How Can the Bible Help You?”
Let me show you how it works.